Add titles to admonitions (#55)
ServiceNow/azimuth: docs/docs/key-concepts/saliency.md

  <figcaption>Saliency map of a specific utterance.</figcaption>
</figure>

> !!! example "Saliency example"

Author: Oh good catch!! When I updated the screenshot, I did not change the example. I'll fix it, thanks!

>     In this example, `assistance` is the word that contributes the most to the prediction
>     `transfer`, followed by `moving`.

Author: ```suggestion
    In this example, `bill` is the word that contributes the most to the prediction `bill_balance`.
```
